---
layout: article
title: "MAD in NYC"
categories: events
description: "The NYC Icarus project will host a discussion and resources sharing about surviving and thriving in NYC."
excerpt: "This month NYC Icarus will host 'MAD in NYC': surviving and thriving in the city (& metro area): a discussion and resource sharing event on November 2nd at 7pm at the Bluestockings Bookstore and Activist Center." 
modified: 2015-11-01T11:57:41-04:00
published: 2016-11-01T11:57:41-04:00
date: 2016-11-01T11:57:41-04:00
tags: [ workshop , internet, resources, peer-support, discussion ]
comments: true
ads: false
image:
  teaser: mad-nyc.png
  feature: mad-nyc.png
  credit: 
  creditlink: 
event-date: "Wednesday, November 2nd 2016"
event-time: "7:00 pm - 9:30 pm"
location: "Bluestockings Books"
location-street: "172 Allen Street"
location-city-state: "New York, NY"
website: ""
email: ""
phone: ""
---
### NYC Icarus - MAD in NYC: surviving and thriving in the city (& metro area)

#### Join us at Bluestockings on November 2nd, 7pm for a discussion and resources sharing event about surviving and thriving in the city (& metro area).

# MAD in NYC: surviving and thriving in the city (& metro area)

   MAD in NYC: surviving and thriving in the city (& metro area) Whether we're from here or moved here from a different state or country, we're all doing our best to stay afloat in this awesome but often difficult place to live. In this discussion and resource-sharing event, we hope to gather together as mad people to tell each other our stories and to share strategies we've found to survive and thrive in this wacky, one-of-a-kind city where a lot of things are possible/impossible. We'll talk together about topics including finding housing, balance, community, sanctuary, work, creative nourishment, staying
sane and whatever else comes up.

We will lead a discussion about surviving and thriving in the city (& metro area).

   In addition to the discussion, we'd also like to have a mini-open mike where 5-6 people can read poems or personal narratives/stories related to some aspect of their lives here, limited to about 5 min per person (max). If you'd like to read something, please email nycicarus@gmail.com and let us know your name and what your piece will be about generally by Tuesday Nov 1st.  

#  We will also have some brief updates about current events related to mad people.

## *Call for organizers*

If you’d like to help out with planning monthly events and other Icarus NYC projects, we’d like to meet you! Please contact us at nycicarus@gmail.com

## Here is the facebook event url:
https://www.facebook.com/events/1223822534327291/

http://nycicarus.org/events/mad-nyc/

Hope to see you there!

Mad love,

Icarus Project NYC…
