---
layout: article
title: "Us Too & Solidarity Open Mic"
categories: events
description: ""
excerpt: "NYC Icarus brings together folx to share about trauma, community, care, healing"
tags: [ community, roundtable, discussion, healing ]
comments: true
ads: false
image:
  teaser: us-too-nov-2017-400x250.png
  feature: us-too-nov-2017-1600x800.png
  credit: Sasha
  creditlink: 
event-date: "Wednesday, November 1st, 2017"
event-time: "7:00 pm - 9:30 pm"
location: "Bluestockings Books"
location-street: "172 Allen Street"
location-city-state: "New York, NY"
website: ""
email: ""
phone: ""
---

#### Us Too & Solidarity Open Mic

Join us at Bluestockings on Wednesday, November 1th for an event about sharing and healing

we will be creating a space that centers survivors of sexual assault, but open to all trauma survivors to share art, stories, ideas and insights into your inner experience of oppression, madness or trauma, in a safer supported space. For us, sanctuary isn't a place, it's a practice, a practice we'd like to share to inspiral peer support groups, radical support networks and long term sustainability as a community. 

*inspiral: (new made up word) to inspire a spiraling out, and simultaneously spiraling inwards; an expansive uniting based on inner inspiration; personal growth alongside societal transformation

This month at the NYC Icarus event we’re going to facilitate a conversation about all these topics and learn from each other, and heal ourselves in the process.

The event will start at 7pm sharp. Bluestockings will create a circle of chairs in the middle of the store. We will do a group reading of the meeting agreements and brief introductions.
Nikomeh will facilitate this conversation.
There will be time at the end for announcements of other local projects and events.
If there are folks interested in starting a local support group cell there will be time to meet and discuss.

Bluestockings is wheelchair accessible, with no steps or platforms, and wide aisles between shelves. Our bathroom is not wheelchair accessible. There is a Starbucks two short blocks down the street with an accessible bathroom (at Allen and Delancey). Metered street parking is readily available in the blocks surrounding Bluestockings. Bluestockings is not a scent-free space, but we encourage visitors to please refrain from wearing perfumes, colognes or other scented products (including essential oils) and smoke far away from the entrance to the space.

And then we’ll hang out for a little while and be gone until another month.
Make sure to sign-up for the mailing list at the event or email nycicarus@gmail.com.

[NYC Icarus FB event](https://www.facebook.com/events/1502860883150716/)

[NYC Icarus website](http://nycicarus.org/events/us-too/)

We are looking for organizers! Email us at nycicarus@gmail.com if you are interested in helping us organize events.  

DATE: Nov. 1th, 2017

TIME: 7pm

LOCATION: Bluestockings Bookstore, 172 Allen St, Manhattan

Hope to see you there!

Mad love,
Icarus Project NYC
